docs: open multiple terminals side-by-side (#94)
akinsho/toggleterm.nvim: README.md

command! -count=1 TermGitPush  lua require'toggleterm'.exec("git push",    <count>, 12)
command! -count=1 TermGitPushF lua require'toggleterm'.exec("git push -f", <count>, 12)
```

### Open multiple terminals side-by-side
| Direction | Tested |
| --- | --- |
| vertical | ✔️ |
| horizontal | ✔️ |

> | window | ⚠️ |

Reviewer: These are unsupported by definition e.g. a window is supposed to occupy the whole screen so by definition you can show multiple window mode terms side by side, also this is unsupported for floats I would just put an `X` there to explain that it isn't supported

| float | ⚠️ |

✔️: tested, working.

⚠️: not tested, may not working.

> On your first terminal, you need to escape the `TERMINAL` mode via the `<Esc>` key that has been mapped with the combination `<C-\><C-n>`.

Reviewer: This is a minor nit but you can improve the rendering of a keyboard character using `<kbd>Esc</kbd>` which gives <kbd>Esc</kbd>, or `<kbd>C-\\</kbd><kbd>C-N</kbd>` which gives <kbd>C-\\</kbd><kbd>C-N</kbd>

> On your first terminal, you need to escape the `TERMINAL` mode via the `<Esc>` key that has been mapped with the combination `<C-\><C-n>`.

Reviewer: I would say 
```suggestion
In your first terminal, you need to leave `TERMINAL` mode using `<C-\><C-n>` which can be remapped to `Esc` for ease of use.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31947091/133395516-22fef1e6-633d-4964-9175-f76fabf66794.png)

Then you type on: `2<C-\>`, and the result:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31947091/133396789-fdf68b30-3a8c-440b-822f-6549f282c4fc.png)

Explain:

> - `2`: this is the terminal identity, your first terminal is `1` (e.g. your 3rd terminal will be `3<C-\>`, so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `2`: this is the terminal's number (or ID), your first terminal is `1` (e.g. your 3rd terminal will be `3<C-\>`, so on).
```
